
The app acts as an expansion beyond the board game. It will recap whatever the user has learned in the board game and add on to them. In simple terms, it teaches things that have the same concept but at an upgraded level. 

The app’s main theme is Chrys’s adventures where there will be many scenarios of chrys needing to count or solve questions related to math according to real world scenarios. The page will be decorated in bananas and Chrys the monkey, who is hand drawn and edited to different poses using AI image generation.

The app has 2 main modes. Learning mode and Test mode. Learning mode consists of 3 main parts, Numbers, Operations and Real World Applications of what they have learned. 

Numbers include sequence, knowing how to write the number/identifying the number and the value of the number. From the puzzle, we will teach them numbers 1-9. An example would be  we teach them the number sequence of 1 to 9, teach them how to write the number and identify them as well as the value of the numbers which can help them in the number sequence such as greater than or less than. We will also teach 0 using the method suggested by Persatuan Dyslexia Malaysia which is referring to 0 as nothing or kosong. As the expansion, we will teach them numbers 10 to 19. This acts as a step up, because the numbers now have 2 digits and our app will be very elaborate on teaching double digit numbers. The same will be done as the single digit numbers but more explanation, exercises and time will be spent on teaching them. We will use a lot of visualtization to teach them especially the values of numbers, such as relating the value of numbers with familiar objects such as books or fruits. We can also teach odd numbers and even numbers or other forms of skip counting.

Operations include Addition and Subtraction. Similar to numbers, we will recap or teach back addition and subtraction up till the number 9. So the maximum numbers of addition will be 4 and 5. Subtraction will apply the same concept where the value will never reach below 0 or negative numbers. Subtraction of any number is acceptable as long as it doesn't result in a negative number. We again will use a lot of visualization such as a table may have 3 books, and then 4 more books are placed on the table so that they can better visualize operations.
As an expansion, we will include addition and subtraction for numbers up till 19. So in addition the highest possible 2 numbers are 9 and 10, while subtraction can be any number from 0-19 as long as it doesn't result in a result below 0. Again, more time will be spent especially then teaching the concept of moving the 1 over to form a double digit number in addition, or removing the 1 to form a single digit value. 

Real world applications combine everything the player has learnt by combining numbers with real objects similar to our visualization methods. A picture will be provided at the beginning stages and as time goes on pictures will appear less than before but occasionally appear for challenging questions. As an expansion, it just includes numbers up till 19.

The next mode is test mode, where we aim to teach everything they have learnt in learning mode. We will make 4 different types of tests, 1 for each thing they have learned in learning mode and 1 more mode that acts as a final test or conclusion where the questions will combine everything from numbers, operations and real world application. We will try to include as many questions as possible and sometimes refresh through the questions.

To clarify, after teaching each simple topic, we will give them a simple exercise or exercises after to refresh their minds and apply what they have learned. They can load their current level/question and revise back to see which questions they may have gotten wrong. Praises and motivation will be given to them after learning each topic and completing to encourage them to keep moving forward. 
